Add docs for markup in code blocks. (#11960)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/mvc/views/razor.md

<p>Hate cannot drive out hate, only love can do that. - Martin Luther King, Jr.</p>
```

> In code blocks you can also declare local functions (introduced in C# 7.0) that contain markup to server as templating methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In code blocks, declare local functions (introduced in C# 7.0) with markup to serve as templating methods:
```

> ```CSHTML

Reviewer: Add a blank line above the start of this code block.

> ```CSHTML

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```cshtml
```

[!code-csharp[](razor/sample/Classes/Views_Home_Test_cshtml.cs?range=1-19)]

> You can also use markup in `@functions` to server as templating methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@functions` methods serve as templating methods when they return markup:
```

Author: They don't technically return markup so i'll say when they have markup

Reviewer: Side note: "Have" is ok here. Alternatives to a state verb (e.g., be, has, have) convey a more *action*: contain, include, possess, enclose.

> ```CSHTML

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```cshtml
```
